---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 12/17/24
date: 2024-12-15 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

The Christmas carol might suggest decking the halls for Christmas, but here at Community Fitness Club, we’re going to be climbing the walls instead. Today’s WOD consists of 20 wall walks, a one mile row, and then another 20 wall walks. This workout is a tough one, but it is also easily scalable. If twenty wall walks is just too much for you, pick a smaller number. If you can’t do wall walks yet, pick one of the many scaled options to do instead. If rowing a mile is too overwhelming, row a reduced distance instead. The point is to do what you can and be proud of your efforts!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

***~~Deck the Halls~~ Climb the Walls***

**Experienced:**

**20 wall walks**

**1600 meter row**

**20 wall walks**
<!--more-->

Beginners can perform inchworms instead of wall walks and reduce the rowing distance. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**10 inchworms**

**1000 meter row**

**10 inchworms**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**15 box wall walks or partial wall walks**

**1600 meter row**

**15 box wall walks or partial wall walks**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Wall walks](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/wall-walks) 

[Inchworms](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/inchworms) 

[Rowing](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/rowing) 

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
