---
layout: post
title: Thursday - 10/24/24
date: 2024-10-20 00:00:02
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s workout is a 12 minute AMRAP (“As Many Reps As Possible”).  The goal of today’s WOD is to complete as many rounds of 6/9 calories on the air bike (6 calories for women, 9 calories for men), 8 push-ups, and 15 kettlebell deadlifts as you can in the 12 minute time period. Push hard, and do your best!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**12 minute AMRAP:**

**6/9 calorie air bike**

**8 push-ups**

**15 kettlebell deadlifts (53lb, 35lb)**
<!--more-->

AMRAPs scale automatically. A beginner will naturally perform fewer reps than an advanced athlete. However, it may also be necessary to scale other aspects of the workout. A beginner can reduce the number of calories on the air bike each round, scale the push-ups, and lighten the kettlebell deadlifts. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**12 minute AMRAP:**

**4/6 calorie air bike**

**8 wall push-ups**

**12 kettlebell deadlifts (20lb, 15lb)**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**12 minute AMRAP:**

**6/9 calorie air bike**

**8 kneeling push-ups or 5 regular push-ups**

**15 kettlebell deadlifts (35lb, 22lb)**

Your score is the total number of rounds and reps you complete during the 12 minute AMRAP. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Air bike](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/air-bike)

[Push-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/push-ups)

[Kettlebell deadlifts](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/kettlebell-deadlifts) 

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
