---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 8/6/24
date: 2024-08-04 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s WOD (“Workout of the Day”) consists of jumping rope and burpees. I usually program double unders for experienced athletes, but sometimes it’s good to go back to basics. Therefore, in today’s workout I want everyone to perform single unders. This WOD is tough aerobically, so take short breaks as necessary and just get through it. You can do it!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**For time:**

**150 single unders**

**30 burpees**

**120 single unders**

**25 burpees**

**90 single unders**

**20 burpees**

**60 single unders**

**15 burpees**

**30 single unders**

**10 burpees**
<!--more-->

Not everyone is proficient at jumping rope. That’s okay! You can reduce the total number of single unders or replace them with imaginary jump rope. The burpees can be modified as well. Do what’s right for you today! A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**For time:**

**75 single unders or 150 imaginary jump rope**

**25 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**60 single unders or 120 imaginary jump rope**

**20 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**45 single unders or 90 imaginary jump rope**

**15 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**30 single unders or 60 imaginary jump rope**

**10 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**15 single unders or 30 imaginary jump rope**

**5 elevated, no push-up burpees**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**For time:**

**125 single unders**

**25 step-back burpees**

**100 single unders**

**20 step-back burpees**

**75 single unders**

**15 step-back burpees**

**50 single unders**

**10 step-back burpees**

**25 single unders**

**5 step-back burpees**

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout.

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Single unders]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuXYrTOMxI)

[Burpees](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/burpees)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
