---
layout: post
title: Friday - 9/13/24
date: 2024-09-08 00:00:01
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Happy Friday the 13th, Community Fitness Club! We will end the week with a workout consisting of 5 rounds of a 20 calorie row, 5 dumbbell push presses,10 dumbbell box step-ups, and 10 burpees. I suggest capping today’s workout at 20 minutes. Complete as much of the workout as you can in 20 minutes, and then stop even if you haven’t finished everything yet. Whatever you’ve gotten done will be enough. Just be proud of your efforts, and have a great weekend!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD: 

**Experienced:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**20 calorie row**

**5 dumbbell push presses (40lb, 30lb)**

**10 dumbbell box step-ups (24in., 20in.), (40lb, 30lb)**

**10 burpees**
<!--more-->

Beginners should feel free to modify the movements, weights, and rep scheme in today’s workout. A beginner’s version of today’s WOD could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**12 calorie row**

**5 dumbbell push presses (8lb, 5lb)**

**10 dumbbell box step-ups to a comfortable height (8lb, 5lb)**

**10 elevated, no push-up burpees**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**16 calorie row**

**5 dumbbell push presses (30lb, 20lb)**

**10 dumbbell box step-ups to a comfortable height (30lb, 20lb)**

**10 step-back burpees**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete the WOD or the number of rounds and repetitions you have completed after 20 minutes. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Rowing](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/rowing)

[Dumbbell push press](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/dumbbell-push-press)  

[Dumbbell box step-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/dumbbell-box-step-ups)

[Burpees](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/burpees)  

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
