---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 11/05/24
date: 2024-11-03 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

In today’s WOD, we will perform an ascending ladder of burpees and wall walks for 13 minutes. That is, we will perform 2 burpees and 1 wall walk, then 4 burpees and 2 wall walks, then 6 burpees and 3 wall walks, and so on until the 13 minutes are up.

Please note: Wall walks are a difficult movement, especially as you get more and more fatigued. Please scale appropriately!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**Ascending ladder 13 minute AMRAP:**

**2 burpees, 1 wall walk**

***Then***

**4 burpees, 2 wall walks**

***Then***

**6 burpees, 3 wall walks**

***Etc.***

****Add 2 reps to the burpees and 1 rep to the wall walks each round until time runs out.***
<!--more-->

Beginners can modify the burpees and perform inchworms rather than wall walks in today’s WOD. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**Ascending ladder 13 minute AMRAP:**

**2 elevated, no push-up burpees, 1 inchworm**

***Then***

**4 elevated, no push-up burpees, 2 inchworms**

***Then***

**6 elevated, no push-up burpees, 3 inchworms**

***Etc.***

****Add 2 reps to the burpees and 1 rep to the inchworms each round until time runs out.***

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**Ascending ladder 13 minute AMRAP:**

**2 step-back burpees, 1 partial wall walk or 2 inchworm push-ups**

***Then***

**4 step-back burpees, 2 partial wall walks or 4 inchworm push-ups**

***Then***

**6 step-back burpees, 3 partial wall walks or 6 inchworm push-ups**

***Etc.***

****Add 2 reps to the burpees and 1 rep to the partial wall walks or 2 reps to the inchworm push-ups each round until time runs out.***

Your score is the total number of rounds and reps you complete during today’s workout.

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Burpees](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/burpees)

[Wall walks](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/wall-walks)

[Inchworms](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/inchworms)

[Inchworm push-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/inchworm-push-ups)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
