---
layout: post
title: Monday - 12/09/24
date: 2024-12-08 00:00:05
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

This time of year can be very busy and stressful, so we’re going to keep the workouts this week short and simple. Every workout will be a couplet, that is a workout that consists of only two movements. 

Today’s WOD (“Workout of the Day”) is a 14 minute AMRAP (“As Many Reps As Possible”). You will alternate between rowing for 16 calories and performing 8 toes-to-bar (or your preferred modification), trying to complete as many rounds and repetitions as possible in the 14 minute workout period. This workout will likely be tough on your hands, so consider wearing gloves or using chalk to protect against blisters.

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**14 minute AMRAP:**

**16 calorie row**

**8 toes-to-bar**

AMRAPs scale automatically. A beginner will naturally perform fewer reps than an advanced athlete. However, it is often necessary to scale other aspects of the workout as well. Beginners can modify the toes-to-bar to a movement they are more comfortable performing such as toes-to-rig. Beginners might also consider altering the rep scheme to make the workout feel more doable.

**Scaled 1:**

**14 minute AMRAP:**

**12 calorie row**

**8 toes-to-rig**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**14 minute AMRAP:**

**16 calorie row**

**8 hanging knee raises**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total number of rounds and reps you complete during today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information on each of the exercises and how they can be modified:

[Rowing](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/rowing) 

[Toes-to-bar](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/toes-to-bar)  

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
