---
layout: post
title: Thursday - 8/1/24
date: 2024-07-28 00:00:02
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

We made it to August, Community Fitness Club! Let’s kick off the new month with kettlebell deadlifts, kettlebell swings, and sit-ups. In today’s workout, you will perform 30 kettlebell deadlifts, 30 kettlebell swings, and 30 sit-ups; then 20 kettlebell deadlifts, 20 kettlebell swings, and 20 sit-ups; then 10 kettlebell deadlifts, 10 kettlebell swings, and 10 sit-ups; then 20 kettlebell deadlifts, 20 kettlebell swings, and 20 sit-ups; and finally a last 30 kettlebell deadlifts, 30 kettlebell swings, and 30 sit-ups. Remember that it is always okay to modify, even mid-workout. Switching to a lighter kettlebell, substituting Russian for American kettlebell swings, and reducing the number of repetitions each round are all good ways to scale today’s workout. Do what works for you!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**30 - 20 - 10 - 20 - 30 repetitions for time:**

**Kettlebell deadlifts (53lb, 35lb)**

**American kettlebell swings (53lb, 35lb)**

**Abmat sit-ups**
<!--more-->

Beginners can scale today’s WOD in several different ways. The number of repetitions can be reduced; the weight of the kettlebell can be lightened; Russian kettlebell swings can be substituted for American kettlebell swings; and the sit-ups can be modified. Also consider using plates or a step to raise the kettlebell a little off the floor during the kettlebell deadlifts to shorten the range of motion. A beginner’s version of today’s WOD could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

***20-15-10-15-20 repetitions for time:***

***Kettlebell deadlifts (15lb, 10lb)***

***Russian kettlebell swings (15lb, 10lb)***

***Anchored or assisted sit-ups***

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

***30-20-10-20-30 repetitions for time:***

***Kettlebell deadlifts (35lb, 22lb)***

***American kettlebell swings (35lb, 22lb)***

***Abmat sit-ups***

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. If you’d like, leave your score in the comment section below!

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Kettlebell deadlifts](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/kettlebell-deadlifts)

[Kettlebell swings](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/kettlebell-swings)

[Sit-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/sit-ups)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
