---
layout: post
title: Monday - 10/28/24
date: 2024-10-27 00:00:05
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up) 

Halloween is almost here, and today’s workout will help get you in the mood! Today we are going to pretend to be zombies by walking like the dead (wall walks), busting out of graves (burpees), and tossing brains (wall balls). If you can’t do some of these movements, don’t worry! There are modified movements for all you zombies-in-training as well!

If you are an experienced athlete, please perform the following WOD:

***Zombie WOD***

**Experienced:**

**6 rounds for time:**

**5 “walk like the dead” aka wall walks**

**10 “grave busters” aka burpees**

**15 “brain tosses” aka wall balls (20lb, 14lb)**
<!--more-->

Zombies-in-training should feel free to modify both the movements and the number of reps in each round. Most beginners will not feel comfortable walking like the dead. That is okay! Please inch like the dead instead. Also, don’t worry about how high you toss your brain or how low you squat during the brain tosses. Just focus on learning the rhythm of the movement. A beginner’s version of today’s WOD could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**4 “inch like the dead” aka inchworms**

**8 “grave busters” aka elevated, no push-up burpees**

**12 “brain tosses” aka wall balls (10lb, 10lb)**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**6 rounds for time:**

**5 “walk kinda like the dead” aka box wall walks or partial wall walks**

**10 “grave busters” aka step-back burpees**

**15 “brain tosses” aka wall balls (14lb, 10lb)**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Wall walks (Walk like the dead)](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/wall-walks)

[Inchworms (Inch like the dead)](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/inchworms)

[Burpees (Grave busters)](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/burpees)

[Wall balls (Brain tosses)](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/wall-balls)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)