---
layout: post
title: Friday - 12/06/24
date: 2024-12-01 00:00:01
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

TGIF, Community Fitness Club! Let’s celebrate surviving yet another week with a 12 minute AMRAP (“As Many Reps As Possible”). In today’s WOD, we will perform a 200 meter row,10 dumbbell box step-ups, and 10 push-ups each round until all 12 minutes have elapsed. If you’re feeling tired after a long week of working out, pick easier scaling options and take it a little slower today. If you’re feeling strong, push hard and get in as many rounds and reps as possible! 

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**12 minute AMRAP:**

**200 meter row**

**10 dumbbell box step-ups (24in., 20in.), (50lb, 35lb)**

**10 push-ups**
<!--more-->

AMRAPs scale automatically. A beginner will naturally perform fewer reps than an advanced athlete. However, it is often necessary to scale other aspects of the workout as well. Beginners can reduce the height and weight of the box step-ups and substitute wall push-ups for regular push-ups. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**12 minute AMRAP:**

**200 meter row**

**10 dumbbell box step-ups to a comfortable height (12lb, 8lb)**

**10 wall push-ups**

Modify today’s workout to your current fitness level. Pick the box step-up weight and height and push-up modification that is right for you. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**12 minute AMRAP:**

**200 meter row**

**10 dumbbell box step-ups to a comfortable height (30lb, 20lb)**

**10 kneeling or box push-ups or 6 regular push-ups**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total number of rounds and reps you complete during the 12 minute AMRAP. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information on each of the exercises and how they can be modified:

[Rowing](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/rowing) 

[Dumbbell box step-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/dumbbell-box-step-ups)

[Push-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/push-ups) 

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
