---
layout: post
title: Monday - 12/02/24
date: 2024-12-01 00:00:05
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s WOD (“Workout of the Day”) is a benchmark workout. Benchmark WODs are named workouts that are performed by people all across the world to compare their fitness levels to each other and to measure their personal progress. This particular WOD is known as “Diane” and contains a descending ladder of deadlifts and handstand push-ups. Handstand push-ups are a more advanced skill. If you can’t do them yet, don’t worry! There are many ways to modify handstand push-ups so that anyone can share the benefits of this exercise.

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

***Diane***

**Experienced:**

**21-15-9 repetitions for time:**

**Deadlifts (225lb, 155lb)**

**Handstand push-ups**
<!--more-->

If this type of workout is new to you, you can modify both the movements and the weights. Consider performing kettlebell deadlifts instead of barbell deadlifts, and try to move through each set of deadlifts carefully to maintain proper form. You can also substitute seated dumbbell presses for the handstand push-ups. A beginner’s version of *Diane * could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**21-15-9 repetitions for time:**

**Kettlebell deadlifts (35lb, 22lb)**

**Seated dumbbell presses (12lb, 8lb)**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of *Diane* is right for you today. Choose the weight for your deadlift carefully, and pick a handstand push-up modification that you are comfortable with. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**21-15-9 repetitions for time:**

**Deadlifts (145lb, 105lb)**

**Box handstand push-ups or seated dumbbell presses (30lb, 20lb)**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Deadlifts](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/deadlifts)  

[Kettlebell deadlifts](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/kettlebell-deadlifts) 

[Handstand push-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/handstand-push-ups) 

[Seated dumbbell press](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/seated-dumbbell-press)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
