---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 9/10/24
date: 2024-09-08 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s workout has only one movement: the air bike. In today’s WOD (“Workout of the Day”), we will bike for a set number of calories every minute for 20 minutes. Try to pick a number of calories where you have at least some time to rest each round. If you are unsure of what your target number of calories should be, bike for 30 seconds during your warm-up at an intensity similar to what you would use in a workout. Whatever number of calories you bike in that time period will be a good amount to use in today’s workout.

To time today’s WOD using the SmartWOD timer app, follow these steps:

(1) Press “EMOM.”

(2) Select “Every 1 for 20”.

(3) Press “START TIMER”.

Please note that men and women have different suggested calorie goals for today’s WOD. The calorie goal for men is listed first, and the calorie goal for women is listed second. Use a number that is right for you. The numbers listed are suggestions only.

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**Every 1 minute for 20 minutes:**

**10/8 calorie air bike**
<!--more-->

Beginners can reduce the number of calories they bike each round. They can also reduce the total number of rounds in the workout if desired. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**Every 1 minute for 16 minutes:**

**6/4 calorie air bike**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**Every 1 minutes for 20 minutes:**

**8/6 calorie air bike**

Your score is the total number of calories you bike during today’s workout.

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Air bike](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/air-bike)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
