---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 04/22/25
date: 2025-04-20 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s workout is a 15 minute AMRAP (“As Many Reps As Possible”) where the goal is to complete as many rounds and repetitions of 10 handstand push-ups, 20 dumbbell walking lunges, and 30 sit-ups as you can. Please concentrate on your form today. During the lunges, your front knee shouldn’t push past your ankle, and your front leg should form a right angle to the floor. Your hands should touch behind your head and in front of your feet during each sit-up repetition. Please scale if something doesn’t feel right. Work hard, but be smart! 

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**15 minute AMRAP:**

**10 handstand push-ups**

**20 dumbbell walking lunges (35lb, 25lb)**

**30 abmat sit-ups**
<!--more-->

AMRAPs scale automatically. A beginner will naturally perform fewer reps than an advanced athlete. However, it is often necessary to scale other aspects of the workout as well. A beginner can modify the rep scheme and the movements to make today’s workout more doable. Seated dumbbell presses can be substituted for handstand push-ups. Instead of performing walking lunges, beginners can perform modified alternating lunges. Feel free to make these lunges easier by taking smaller steps, by not lowering your knee all the way to the floor, or by using something for balance. Also, anchored or assisted sit-ups can be substituted for regular abmat sit-ups. Check out the links at the bottom of this page for more information on how to modify these movements. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**15 minute AMRAP:**

**6 seated dumbbell presses (5lb, 3lb)**

**8 modified alternating lunges**

**10 anchored or assisted sit-ups**

If you’re still working on learning to perform handstand push-ups, today would be a good day to practice your handstand kick-ups. You can also practice lowering your head down to the mat once you’re in a handstand position to get yourself a step closer to performing full handstand push-ups. An intermediate variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**15 minute AMRAP:**

**8 handstand kick-ups with controlled descent**

**16 dumbbell walking lunges (25lb, 15lb)**

**24 abmat sit-ups**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you have picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Handstand push-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/handstand-push-ups) 

[Seated dumbbell press](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/seated-dumbbell-press)

[Dumbbell walking lunge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SniKHGKDJyU)

[Lunges](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/lunges)

[Sit-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/sit-ups)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
