---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 06/03/25
date: 2025-06-01 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s WOD is a 24 minute EMOM (“Every Minute On the Minute”). In this workout, you will perform 40 double unders in the first minute, 12 dumbbell box step-ups in the second minute, 15 sit-ups in the third minute, and then you will rest for the fourth minute. This will continue for 6 rounds until the 24 minutes are up. If you finish a movement before the given minute is complete, rest and wait until the next minute to begin the next movement. 

To time today’s workout using the SmartWOD timer app, use the following steps:

1. Press “EMOM”.
2. Choose “Every 1 for 24”.
3. Press “START TIMER”.

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**24 minute EMOM:**

**Minute 1: 40 double unders**

**Minute 2: 12 dumbbell box step-ups (24in., 20in.), (50lb, 35lb)**

**Minute 3: 15 abmat sit-ups**

**Minute 4: rest**
<!--more-->

Today’s WOD can be modified by substituting single unders or imaginary jump rope for the double unders, by reducing the height and weight of the dumbbell box step-ups, and by modifying the sit-ups. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**24 minute EMOM:**

**Minute 1: 20 single unders or 40 imaginary jump rope**

**Minute 2: 12 dumbbell box step-ups to a comfortable height (15lb, 8lb)**

**Minute 3: 8 anchored or assisted sit-ups**

**Minute 4: rest**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. If you’re still working on mastering your double unders, pick a number to complete that is doable for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**24 minute EMOM:**

**Minute 1: 20 double unders or 60 single unders**

**Minute 2: 12 dumbbell box step-ups to a comfortable height (30lb, 20lb)**

**Minute 3: 12 abmat sit-ups**

**Minute 4: rest**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total number of repetitions you complete during today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Double unders](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/double-unders)

[Single unders](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuXYrTOMxI)

[Dumbbell box step-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/dumbbell-box-step-ups)

[Sit-ups](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/sit-ups) 

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)

