---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 03/04/25
date: 2025-03-02 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up) 

Today’s WOD (“Workout of the Day”) is on the longer side. With 5 rounds of 40 kettlebell swings and 20 burpees, you will have completed 200 kettlebell swings and 100 burpees by the end. Therefore, it is very important to pick modifications that are appropriate for your personal fitness level today. Try to pick a kettlebell weight that allows you to finish the first round in no more than 2 sets and your last round in no more than 4 sets. Be smart, and do what works for you!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**40 American kettlebell swings (53lb, 35lb)**

**20 burpees**
<!--more-->

Beginners can adjust the rep scheme, modify the burpees and the kettlebell swings, and reduce the kettlebell weight to make today’s WOD more doable. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**32 Russian kettlebell swings (15lb, 10lb)**

**16 elevated, no push-up burpees**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**36 American kettlebell swings (35lb, 22lb) or Russian kettlebell swings (53lb, 35lb)**

**18 step-back burpees**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Kettlebell swings](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/kettlebell-swings)

[Burpees](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/burpees)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
