---
layout: post
title: Thursday - 05/08/25
date: 2025-05-04 00:00:02
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s workout is a tabata-style air bike WOD. Air bikes make a great addition to your cardio routine. Unlike a traditional bike, air bikes use both your arms and your legs, providing an excellent full-body workout. They are also low impact and won’t jar your joints, making them a good option for people with knee problems or other joint pain. 

In today’s WOD (“Workout of the Day”), you will be biking for all four tabatas. In each tabata, you will bike for eight rounds of 20 seconds of work, 10 seconds of rest. You will rest for 90 seconds between each tabata. The goal is to bike for as many calories as you can over the entire workout.

To time today’s workout using the SmartWOD timer app:

(1) Press “TABATA”. 

(2) Select 8 rounds of 0:20 work, 0:10 rest. 

(3) Click on the plus sign beside “Add sets”. 

(4) Select 4 sets with 1:30 minutes of rest between sets.

(5) Press "START TIMER".
<!--more-->

Everyone will perform the same workout today. A beginner will naturally bike for fewer calories than an advanced athlete. That’s okay! Just do your best! Please take the time to set the bike seat to an appropriate height for you before you begin. Information on how to do this can be found in the link below.

**Everyone:**

**Tabata 1 - air bike for calories**

***Rest 90 seconds***

**Tabata 2 - air bike for calories**

***Rest 90 seconds***

**Tabata 3 - air bike for calories**

***Rest 90 seconds***

**Tabata 4 - air bike for calories**

Your score is the total number of calories you bike during the four tabatas. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Air bike](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/air-bike)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
