---
layout: post
title: Monday - 03/24/25
date: 2025-03-23 00:00:05
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Welcome to a brand new week, Community Fitness Club! We’ll kick off the last full week of March with a workout containing a descending ladder of double unders and an ascending ladder of kettlebell swings. Pick the scaling options that are appropriate for you today, and then move through the workout as quickly as possible. You can do it! 

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**For time:**

**20 double unders, 1 American kettlebell swing (53lb, 35lb)**

**19 double unders, 2 American kettlebell swings**

**18 double unders, 3 American kettlebell swings**

**...continue this pattern until…**

**2 double unders, 19 American kettlebell swings**

**1 double under, 20 American kettlebell swings**
<!--more-->

Beginners can substitute single unders or imaginary jump rope for the double unders and Russian kettlebell swings for the American kettlebell swings. The total number of rounds can be reduced as well. A beginner’s version of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**For time:**

**15 single unders or 30 imaginary jump rope, 1 Russian kettlebell swing (20lb, 15lb)**

**14 single unders or 28 imaginary jump rope, 2 Russian kettlebell swings**

**13 single unders or 26 imaginary jump rope, 3 Russian kettlebell swings**

**...continue this pattern until…**

**2 single unders or 4 imaginary jump rope, 14 Russian kettlebell swings**

**1 single under or 2 imaginary jump rope, 15 Russian kettlebell swings**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**For time:**

**40 single unders or 10 double unders, 1 American kettlebell swing (35lb, 22lb)**

**38 single unders or 10 double unders, 2 American kettlebell swings**

**36 single unders or 9 double unders, 3 American kettlebell swings**

**34 single unders or 9 double unders, 4 American kettlebell swings**

**...continue this pattern until…**

**8 single unders or 2 double unders, 17 American kettlebell swings**

**6 single under or 2 double unders, 18 American kettlebell swings**

**4 single unders or 1 double under, 19 American kettlebell swings**

**2 single under or 1 double under, 20 American kettlebell swings**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Double unders](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/double-unders)

[Single unders](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuXYrTOMxI)

[Kettlebell swings](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/kettlebell-swings) 

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
