---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 04/08/25
date: 2025-04-06 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

In today’s workout, we will complete 5 rounds of 6 power cleans, 9 toes-to-bar, and 15/12 calories on the air bike. Try to keep a somewhat steady pace throughout the WOD. That usually means being conservative with your pace at the beginning and pushing harder towards the end. Pick a weight for the power cleans that is a little bit heavier than what you usually use. If your form starts to slip, though, please change to a lighter weight for the rest of the workout. It’s great to challenge yourself, but it’s also important to know your limits!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**6 power cleans (140lb, 95lb)**

**9 toes-to-bar**

**15/12 calorie air bike**
<!--more-->

Beginners can lower the number of calories biked each round and substitute dumbbell power cleans for barbell power cleans and toes-to-rig or toes-to-wall for toes-to-bar. A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**6 dumbbell power cleans (12lb, 8lb)**

**9 toes-to-rig or toes-to-wall**

**10/8 calorie air bike**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**5 rounds for time:**

**6 power cleans (95lb, 65lb)**

**9 hanging leg raises**

**12/10 calorie air bike**

Please listen to your body, and pick the version of the workout that is right for you. You can always adjust mid-WOD if you find that the modifications you’ve picked are too easy or too difficult.

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Power cleans](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/power-cleans) 

[Dumbbell power clean](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/dumbbell-power-cleans) 

[Toes-to-bar](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/toes-to-bar) 

[Air bike](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/air-bike)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
