---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 05/13/25
date: 2025-05-11 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s WOD (“Workout of the Day”) is a tough one with a *lot* of box step-ups and burpees. You will perform 30 box step-ups and 30 burpees, followed by 25 box step-ups and 25 burpees, followed by 20 box step-ups and 20 burpees, followed by 15 box step-ups and 15 burpees, and finally finish with 10 box step-ups and 10 burpees. This workout will be challenging, especially those early sets. Just try to keep a steady pace, and do your best! 

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**For time:**

**30 box step-ups (24in., 20in.)**

**30 burpees**

**25 box step-ups**

**25 burpees**

**20 box step-ups**

**20 burpees**

**15 box step-ups**

**15 burpees**

**10 box step-ups**

**10 burpees**
<!--more-->

Beginners can modify the rep scheme of today’s workout, lower the height of the box step-ups, and scale the burpees. You know your body best! Make the changes that make today’s workout right for you! A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**For time:**

**25 box step-ups to a comfortable height**

**25 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**20 box step-ups**

**20 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**15 box step-ups**

**15 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**10 box step-ups**

**10 elevated, no push-up burpees**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**For time:**

**30 box step-ups to an appropriate height**

**30 step-back burpees**

**25 box step-ups**

**25 step-back burpees**

**20 box step-ups**

**20 step-back burpees**

**15 box step-ups**

**15 step-back burpees**

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Box step-ups](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qjqDHOUh-A)

[Burpees](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/burpees)

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
