---
layout: post
title: Tuesday - 02/04/25
date: 2025-02-02 00:00:04
categories: [CFC,WOD]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---
[Warm-up](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/basic-full-body-warm-up)

Today’s WOD (“Workout of the Day”) consists of a lot of burpees and double unders. It will really get your heart pumping and your sweat pouring, so take short breaks as needed, scale appropriately, and just get through it. You can do it!

If you are an experienced athlete and feel capable, please perform the following WOD:

**Experienced:**

**For time:**

**100 double unders**

**5 burpees**

**80 double unders**

**10 burpees**

**60 double unders**

**15 burpees**

**40 double unders**

**20 burpees**

**20 double unders**

**25 burpees**
<!--more-->

Not everyone is proficient at jumping rope. That’s okay! You can reduce the total number of repetitions and replace them with single unders or imaginary jump rope. The burpees can also be modified. Do what’s right for you today! A beginner’s version of today’s workout could look like this:

**Scaled 1:**

**For time:**

**50 single unders or 100 imaginary jump rope**

**4 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**40 single unders or 80 imaginary jump rope**

**8 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**30 single unders or 60 imaginary jump rope**

**12 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**20 single unders or 40 imaginary jump rope**

**16 elevated, no push-up burpees**

**10 single unders or 20 imaginary jump rope**

**20 elevated, no push-up burpees**

Perhaps something between the experienced version and the beginner version of the WOD is right for you today. Another variation of today’s WOD might look like this:

**Scaled 2:**

**For time:**

**50 double unders or 200 single unders**

**4 step-back burpees**

**40 double unders or 160 single unders**

**8 step-back burpees**

**30 double unders or 120 single unders**

**12 step-back burpees**

**20 double unders or 80 single unders**

**16 step-back burpees**

**10 double unders or 40 single unders**

**20 step-back burpees**

Your score is the total amount of time it takes you to complete today’s workout. 

Not sure what some of the movements are? Click on the following links for more information:

[Double unders](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/double-unders)

[Single unders](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuXYrTOMxI)

[Burpees](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/burpees) 

[How should I time my workouts?](https://communityfitnessclub.wixsite.com/website/post/how-should-i-time-my-workouts)
